Welcome to this edition of Appalling
Twistianity.
We're continuing to review the most
amazing song ever written.
It is the Eighty-Ninth Psalm.
It was scribed by God himself.
The subject is his beloved son,
the Messiah, our Savior,
and returning king, God.
The reason that we turned to the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr or Psalm at relatively
close to the beginning of our review of
the Christian New Testament and
denouncement of Jesus Christ is that the
Psalm absolutely and unequivocally
destroys every aspect of the Christian
religion.
If you were to read the Eighty-Ninth
Psalm, study it as we are doing,
you would come to the conclusion that
there is no possibility whatsoever that
there was a Jesus Christ who stole Dowd's
titles,
his accolades and his achievements.
Now,
the fact is you really don't need this
Psalm
to know that Christianity is a farce.
I mean,
let's just be honest with one another.
God is not a man.
Men cannot kill God.
The actual Messiah and son of God is
David according to God.
The notion that Paul,
a self-described demon-possessed sexual
pervert,
was chosen by God to contradict him and
to come up with an entirely different plan
while alleging that the Towrah could not
save has to be among the dumbest theories
to ever become a religion if you are
a Christian shame on you that said god
was a bit more descriptive and
verifying everything that pertains to his
beloved son, our Messiah and Savior, Dowd,
so that you would know,
so that his people would know that when
he arrived,
because this psalm was written in nine
sixty eight B.C.E.
one thousand years exactly to the year
that Dowd arrived in
Year four thousand.
Yeah.
That they should have been expecting him.
They should have known exactly who he was
and what he was doing there.
So this was written so they would
understand it.
Unfortunately,
Jews have been oblivious to God's
testimony for a better part of thirty five
centuries and nothing has changed.
So even now,
when it's pointed out to them, they go,
I won't be relieved.
It's just stunningly lame.
But religion is the most dehumanizing,
debilitating force in the history of
humanity.
So continuing what was written by God
pursuant to his Messiah with the
realization that the previous statements
were all specifically directed at
Jews for denying the Messiah,
denying Dowd as the son of God,
denying everything that Dowd had achieved.
He goes on to say,
adding to this resentment,
God's calling the Jewish antagonism
towards his beloved son,
the Messiah and returning King Dowd.
Resentment that they begrudge him.
You are turned around again, Shuwb.
Shuwb is a loaded term because God says
that he is not Shuwb returning to Israel
and to Jews until Yahuwdym and the
Israelites, Shuwb, return to him.
So adding to the resentment,
you are turned around again.
Having assaulted, besieged, bound up,
and constrained, sure, the rocky crag.
The Rocky Crag is both the place that
the light of Yahowah first appeared to
Moshe, and it is the author,
first name of the author of the series
of thirty-five books known as Yadda
Yahowah.
Because this is a battle over Choreb.
If you listen to what God revealed in
his Towrah at Choreb,
then you are not going to be fooled
by Paul or by Akiba or by Muhammad.
It all goes back to understanding what God
said in the Towrah at Choreb,
such that you do not stand with him
and you do not support him.
because jews are not actually tore
observant because they're actually
clueless regarding the Towrah because their
entire focus is on their Talmud and other
rabbis they do not stand with their
messiah they do not support the messiah
they instead deny him but Maimonides said
god is incorporeal
They said that he cannot have a son,
but God says that Dowd is his son.
They say they're awaiting some unknown
Messiah to return at some unknown date
when Dowd is clearly the Messiah,
and he is returning on a date certain.
And therefore,
God says this is a conflict.
Eighty-nine forty-three.
Now,
there are a plethora of tantalizing
insights in this statement,
beginning with the realization that its
primary connotation is to engender
resentment and wrath.
Those who continue to turn against Dowd as
the Messiah, the chosen one, our savior,
the former and returning king,
will endure the sting of his judgment.
Also interesting,
while sur is rendered as the edge in
the Jewish Publications Society Holy
Scriptures according to the Masoretic
Text, it was scribed as a verb.
There was no definite article in the text,
and edge is not among sur's meanings when
presented as a noun.
Had it been written as a noun,
our options would have been rocky crag,
sharp flint, or stone.
And the call infinitive sure is not only
active,
but also intensifies the ongoing action of
laying siege, enclosing, binding up,
confining in a hostile and harassing
fashion.
These connotations fit this context
because these perpetrators have engendered
those wrath and they continue as Jewish
religious leaders trying to constrain the
savior by assaulting his achievements.
Further,
if we're to read Rocky Crag into this
depiction,
it was upon this sharp rocky edifice that
Yahowah first revealed his fiery light to
Moshe and the children of Israel upon
Mount Choreb,
where he would also reveal his name,
which Jews have erased, and his Towrah,
which Jews have replaced with their
Talmud.
Moreover,
it is my contention that since Dowd song is
the cornerstone of the covenant home,
and that it was revealed in the Yowbel
year of three thousand year,
right in the center of our time from
the garden and back to the garden,
which would have made it nine sixty eight
BCE,
four years into Solomon's reign as
construction began on Yahowah's home,
that he is the cornerstone.
The Bashar Heralding Dowd's contribution to
our lives is also named Craig,
which is the Celtic transliteration of
Sure Craig.
That's a very effective communicator.
There are no coincidences.
Furthermore,
the Hebrew name for the mountain upon
which Yahowah introduced himself to Moshe
and then revealed his Towrah is Choreb.
Spelled the same way in the text,
it also serves as the Hebrew word for
dry and desolate, battle and conflict,
sword and chisel.
And while we can choose any definition
that fits within the sentence,
it's prudent to include every viable
connotation so as not to deprive anyone of
its full intent.
That's the whole nature of amplification,
which is the very style that I have
and continue to deploy.
In this case,
I see Dowd standing between the two
mountains of God, Choreb and Moriah.
bringing the Towrah to the heart of the
land and fulfilling it in the city of
Dowd.
This is not only evident by the king's
marvelous dissertation on the Towrah's
teaching in the hundred and nineteenth
Mizmowr or Psalm,
but also by his serving as the Pesach
El, the Passover lamb.
Now in this battle for the souls of
humankind,
The religious are on one side,
and father and son are on the other,
pursuing a relationship.
And while Judaism and Christianity have
written Yahowah and Dowd, Choreb and Moriah,
the Towrah and the Miqrah out of their
story, well,
they are holding a losing hand because
they're featured in Yahowah's narrative.
Now, during this war on words, the
ultimate question boils down to where we
stand with dote because this characterizes
where we stand with god therefore with the
exception of those who have come to know
Yahowah and his beloved son many if not
all through these books this remains true
of everyone else you have truncated
causing a cessation to all of the work
Shabbat,
you have made this like a Shabbat for
doing nothing.
Removing and taking away from his
purveying or purifying brilliance and
means to restore along with his glorious
status and his position of honor, dignity,
and power, you have hurled to the ground.
Ms.
Moore, Lyrics to Sing,
eighty-nine forty-four.
I mentioned that
the message regarding Dowd's role in our
salvation, in the fulfillment of Pesach,
Matzah, and Bikuwrym,
with Dowd serving as the Messiah,
the Son of God, and our Savior,
the former and returning King.
Well,
that was clearly stated throughout
Yahowah's testimony and through his
prophets.
It was unknown to a hundred percent of
humanity prior to the books entitled Yadda
Yahowah,
free at
yadayah.com.
From this,
I deduce something that many might find
controversial.
God says that he wants us to educate
ourselves and to celebrate our
relationship with him.
In particular,
observe the Mow'ed Miqraey in the place that
he prefers and has chosen for his name.
Where is that if it's not in Yadda
Yahowah?
If you were to say, well,
his name is on Yisrael.
No, it's not.
His name has been erased from Israel.
You might say, well,
his name was on his temple.
It was, but it isn't.
Jews, even with the second temple,
erased Yahowah's name.
They wouldn't say it.
You won't find Yahowah's name even
mentioned,
nor is it written anywhere in Israel.
It's not Yahowah's name on the Temple
Mount.
It's Allah's in the Dome of the Rock
and Alaska Mosque.
Not Yahowah's name that's stated on the
Temple Mount,
even when the Jews go up there.
And they're outnumbered, well,
a hundred to one by the Muslims worshiping
Allah.
So...
Not in the mouths of Jews.
Not on the Temple Mount.
Not written or spoken in Israel.
And hasn't been written or spoken in
Israel in, what,
at least twenty five hundred years.
So that is not a place where Yahowah
has chosen and desires his name because
it's not there.
and hasn't been there for twenty-five
centuries,
and was hardly spoken there in the
thousand years prior to that.
No one knew Yahowah's name,
no one said Yahowah's name,
no one pronounced Yahowah's name,
no one understood Yahowah's name,
until Yahowah inspired me to write the
series of thirty-five books under the
title Yadda Yahowah,
to know
Yahowah he actually presents that as a
title in his Towrah prophets stating yada
Yahowah that's where Yahowah prefers his
name he's where he wants us to learn
and approach him it's where he introduces
himself to his people feel free to argue
the point
but there really is no other reasonable
choice.
When anyone, Yahuwdym, Goyim, truncate,
cause a cessation of the work,
they remove and take away from
purifying brilliance and the means to
restore the glorious status of the messiah
Dowd they earn god's wrath they preclude
themselves of ever entering Shamaym and
again speaking of Yahowah it is the one
place over the past two thousand five
hundred years that Dowd
was properly repositioned as the Messiah,
son of God and our savior.
All of the things that Jews and Goyim
had done to counterfeit him, to rob him,
to demean him were corrected first time,
twenty-five centuries.
It's pretty extraordinary when you think
about it, huh?
I mean,
five volumes devoted to disproving the
whole myth of Jesus,
showing its product of identity theft and
counterfeit to restore God's legacy.
To reinforce his glorious position with
God, his honor, his dignity, his power,
his seat of honor.
Which...
The practitioners of Judaism,
Christianity,
and Islam have thrown to the ground,
kicked dust over, and spit upon.
And so God is annoyed.
He is disgusted that his beloved son and
the anointed one he anointed as the
Mashiach, the shepherd that he chose,
the chosen one, the man chosen,
who is the exemplar of the covenant and
the man who brought it to fruition.
The sacrificial lamb who opens heaven's
door, the doorway to life,
who perfected us so we could enter God's
home on Matzah has been so universally
discounted by religious Jews and by
Christians that God's angry.
In fact, he has left the planet.
And he isn't going to return until you
get it right.
And you're nowhere close.
People, some five, six billion of them,
have done to Dowd what they have done
to the Shabbat,
reducing both to a celebration of
from a celebration of our relationship
with God to doing nothing.
And in this case,
by either failing to read the words Yahowah
inspired in Dowd's song or this
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
failing to act upon them,
religious Jews have brought untold misery
upon God's people.
The failure of rabbis to recognize and
accept who Dowd represents and has
accomplished
is the fulcrum upon which the Jewish
people have descended when they should
have ascended.
They were given the opportunity to restore
their relationship with Yahowah by
accepting Dowd's fulfillment of chag
matzah,
by realizing that Dowd is the firstborn
son that demonstrates the very nature and
intent of the covenant family
relationship.
they would have been welcomed back into
the covenant by embracing Dowd's glorious
status as the chosen Messiah,
the glorious King,
the protective shepherd who came
courageously,
compassionately as the sacrificial lamb.
He is the ultimate nephesh with the most
productive of all Bashar.
But the rabbis,
they simply tossed it all away,
hurling those dignity and legacy to the
ground to be trampled on by Christians,
just as their animosity towards Yahowah
would give rise to the beast of Islam.
Rabbis have long been the most
debilitating enemy Jews have ever faced.
They trained Paul,
who was the first to actually call himself
a rabbi,
such that he could cherry pick statements
out of the Towrah and prophets that he
could misconstrue, misappropriate,
mistranslate to create the opposite
message that God intended.
And it was Jews who sold Talmud readings
to Muhammad that he attributed to Allah to
create the religiosity of the Quran.
Without rabbis and their Talmud,
there is no Quran.
There is no Islam.
There is no Islamic terrorism.
Without rabbis training Paul,
there is no Holocaust.
Rabbis are egotistical and yet they should
be ashamed.
By contrast,
Dowd was chosen by Yahowah and anointed
with his spirit.
His most profound spiritual insights were
distilled within these songs.
Many scribed when his mind was young and
receptive and when he was fraught with the
fewest distractions.
So not only was Dowd's youth spent writing
the songs that would liberate humankind
from the bonds of religion,
his Bashar corporal body would have been
reconstructed from his DNA three to four
years prior to sacrificing it.
And it was through the fulfillment of the
Spring Miqraey, the first each year,
Pesach, Matsah  and Bikuwrym,
that the children of Yisrael have the
opportunity to even enjoy the harvest of
Shabuwah,
which will come up within two years.
And they also make the Taruwah gleaning
possible.
Dowd Song continues with Yahowah saying,
you have cut short so as to deprive
yourself of what is required to reap the
benefits of the harvest.
The days when his robust presence was
concealed as a young man,
You have covered over him shamefully by
diminishing his status.
Take a moment and consider these
implications.
There is a consequence to being wrong,
especially
when what we believe is in conflict with
what Yahowah has made known to us.
We cheat ourselves when we deny what Dowd
achieved because it shortchanges what he
can offer to us.
In this case,
religious Jews are being accused of
depriving themselves of what Dowd has
provided such that they are not
harvestable.
No cats here for you.
They have vigorously obscured what he
achieved during the fulfillment of Pesach
and Matzah.
They do so without recognition of those
robust presence in Jerusalem in the Yowbel
year of four thousand years,
thirty-three CE,
even though he provided them with the
exact moment
That he would fulfill Chag Matzah as their
Messiah.
As he revealed it as Gabriel in Daniel
nine.
we're not told but there are clues which
suggest that Yahowah would have placed does
nephesh soul and a bashar corporal body
constructed of his DNA in year three nine
nine six yah twenty nine c e four
years three and a half four years in
advance of his fulfillment of the Miqrah
during the eightieth Yowbel four years in
advance would have been exactly
one thousand years after the conclusion of
his first life,
which ended four years before the
cornerstone of Yahowah's covenant home was
laid and this Mizmowr was scribed.
It was not only foretold during the fourth
day of creation regarding the fulfillment
of the Mowedym at the dawn of the
fourth millennium,
the Passover lamb enters the home four
days before the sacrifice.
according to the Towrah.
And also,
Dowd reigned as king for forty years,
concluding in Jerusalem the city of Dowd.
Moreover,
his herald will serve as the final witness
along with Elia for three and a half
to four years.
Again,
we're not told and do not need to
know since men are in their mental,
emotional,
and physical prime
between thirty and forty years of age i
think this will be the returning and
perpetual age of our shepherd and king
throughout his third and fourth coming
wouldn't be surprised if he is thirty
thirty five should be thirty five to forty
three and a half to four decades makes
the most sense I'm hoping that i will
have the same vigor and option
Being thirty five to forty physically was
better than being seventy,
twice that age now.
Rich is just smiling at me.
That was some of my best times when
I was thirty.
Yeah, man.
Yeah,
we had the energy to go all night.
And, you know, here we are now.
And, you know, come sunset,
we're ready to fade.
Oh, but you know what the heck,
we start well before the sun rises and
we actually don't...
lit up until well well after the sun
has set we it is very seldom that
we have uh we will contribute less than
a half day of twelve hours and most
are fourteen fifteen and sixteen and we do
it six and seven almost always now seven
days a week well i hit snooze like
a dozen times this morning that's why i
was late
You were.
You just couldn't wake up.
You were tardy.
It's a full demerit.
I would dock your pay if there was
any.
It's a great pay.
It is a great pay.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
It is the best job in the world.
As the cornerstone was being laid and
while listening to Yahowah rave over his
son,
while condemning those who would deny him,
the psalmist asked a sensible question,
one that would not be answered.
for three thousand years.
How long, Yahowah?
Until when?
Will we be exposed to the restoring
witness and the eternal testimony?
Yahowah, will you remain hidden, concealed,
and virtually unknown?
Your righteous indignation,
overt pleasure, and furious antagonism.
is kindled and burns eminently and
prominently like fire yes indeed that is
really the question this was written in
year three thousand yah that is eight
years shy of three thousand years ago and
prior to twenty four years ago when Yahowah
asked me to do this
And we began our work together.
Yahowah's name was unknown.
He was unknown.
His son was unknown.
The Messiah was unknown.
Our Savior was unknown.
What Yahowah was offering and asking in
return was unknown.
You want to know these things?
Go to yadayah.com and read the thirty-five
books that are posted there.
That's the answer to the question.
For how long, Yahowah,
will you remain hidden, concealed,
and virtually unknown?
You ought to know Yahowah.
Change that.
And make no mistake,
God is exceedingly angry over this.
We use the term righteous indignation to
make nice when the reality is God hates
what the religious have done to erase his
name and to replace him with religious
idols, Jesus, Hashem, and Allah.
God is exceedingly disappointed.
His antagonism is kindled and it burns.
eminently and predominantly like fire.
You have to recognize that if you are
a Christian,
if you are practicing Judaism,
if you are a Muslim,
God hates what you are doing.
He is disgusted.
His animosity burns towards all of those
who are religious because they're
religious,
particularly in the so-called Abrahamic
religions.
robbed his beloved son of all that he
achieved and robbed him of his name the
last time that the majority of Israelites
knew Yahowah's name was in year three
thousand yeah three millennia ago during
those initial reign as king and into the
first few years of Solomon
Since that time and until quite recently,
the number dwindled to none.
Absolutely zero.
And it was zero for better part of
two thousand five hundred years.
It would not be until I began to
post Yada Yahowah to know Yahowah online that
this began to change.
And yet knowing Yah is not for everyone.
Of the one point eight million Haredi,
they are so intellectually incapacitated
by their rabbis,
even with the truth served up to them
on a silver platter.
There is no chance that any of them
are going to accept Yahowah.
All they will continue to do
is engender Yahowah's overt antagonism he
looks at them and vomits now these books
were labeled yada Yahowah for a reason with
one million eight hundred thousand shrill
Jewish voices and another five billion
christians and Muslims fanning the flames
of divine wrath
I thought God might enjoy something less
irritating,
something more nourishing and beneficial,
uplifting, accurate, vindicating,
productive.
The time we're talking about,
three millennia, is an enormous period.
If God were not...
comprised of light energy and can regulate
how he perceives time,
I'm not sure our planet would still be
here.
If he had to endure the fullness of
every moment and every reference to a
Jesus Christ, an Allah or a Hashem,
I'm quite certain the planet would have
been destroyed and life would no longer
exist on it.
So we are fortunate that it hasn't been
three millennia by God's standard.
Time does not flow for him as it
does for us.
Unlike creatures bound to the earth,
Yahowah as a spiritual being determines how
he experiences time,
varying its pace of its flow to suit
his needs.
The twenty centuries which have crawled
past since his son, the Messiah Dowd,
fulfilled Chag Matzah,
were so hard,
it's unlikely that God paid any attention
to anything that occurred during that
span.
Fortunately,
we have reached the conclusion of this
interval.
With each word that I translate and share,
Yahowah becomes less hidden and better
known to his people and to the world.
So when father and son return on Yom
Kippur,
the day of reconciliations in year six
thousand, October second at sunset,
twenty thirty,
twenty thirty three and Jerusalem,
he will be known to the extent it
is possible among the surviving remnant of
Jews who are brought into the city on
this occasion.
But it's not just Yada Yahowah at that
point.
It's also the Yahowah blog.
And it's also my blog.
Cohort, the great linguist, Elia,
will also be speaking,
and there will be so many signs and
wonders presented in the sky.
So not surprisingly, this awakening,
along with maximizing the productivity of
Shabuwah and the Teruah harvest,
is the stated purpose of Yahowah's choter,
his stem and stalker,
his knackery observant foreigner,
his nesh sign of the sons Bashar,
herald of the kings, Zarowa,
the one sowing the seeds of his harvest.
Moreover, within six years of, well,
in fact, far fewer now,
certainly five years from now,
we can expect Eliyahu.
which means Yahowah's God, Elijah,
and Yada, myself.
He knows is what it means.
To enter Dowd City, Jerusalem,
the source of instruction and guidance on
reconciliation,
to let the world know in no uncertain
terms just how displeased God is with
humankind.
You'll catch the drift from our attitude.
El Yahowah's great at it.
But, you know, Elia took no prisoners.
He didn't tolerate any rival.
He mocked the religious and the political,
denounced them forthrightly.
And then on Yahowah's instruction,
he killed them.
God's not going to be any different in
twenty thirty when Elia returns with Yada
on Passover in that year.
God is really disgusted,
particularly with Christians, Muslims,
Marxist progressives, and the Haredim.
The realization that Yahowah has been
unknown to his people and to all humankind
for millennia is not only an essential
reminder of man's overwhelming preference
for religion over the relationship that
God intended.
This underscores the need for the Choter,
this at his nesh, this Nakry,
this observant foreigner,
the man from Edom, Obed-Edom.
Without them,
mankind's ignorance of Yahowah would have
remained.
There would have been no Shabuwah or Teruah
harvest.
There would have been no sacrifice of the
Adamah Parah and therefore a preparation
of the remnant of Israel.
And therefore no Yom Kippur and no camping
out together with God during Sukkah.
It would all have been for naught.
Life on the planet.
the Towrah, the prophets,
even the sacrifice of our beloved son,
God's beloved son, the Dowd.
And so now you know why Yahowah spoke
so vociferously of our work together.
And so it should be no surprise that
the ultimate truth and the greatest
discovery that,
and really all of human history that Dowd,
fulfilled the Mowedym as the son of God
and as the Messiah, the shepherd and king.
This was found and shared by the same
witness who would reintroduce Yahowah's
name to his people, Yadda Yahowah,
that crag.
Further,
God concealed himself from his people as a
direct result of their treatment of his
son and his name.
So these things are also related.
And so it gets personal,
as it should with all of us.
You have chosen to remind me.
You have chosen the most memorable of men,
Zakhar.
To ask about the duration of life in
this world and temporary things by
contrast to eternity,
especially how time flows differently
relative to the observer.
Was it for nothing that you created each
of the sons of Adam?
Mismore.
Lyrics to sing.
Psalm.
Eighty-nine forty-seven.
The most memorable of men in God's story
are three.
Moshe, Dowd, and Yada.
They are the three Zarowa.
God chose each of them.
They
all had attributes and attitudes that God
found appealing for the purpose that he
deployed them.
You can say that you think God could
have chosen more wisely,
but all you would do is annoy him
with that thought.
As a matter of fact,
to the extent that each man was flawed
that perhaps there were better candidates,
isn't that part of what God was trying
to achieve?
If he can make a dented and dirty
implement productive,
doesn't that reveal even more about him?
Doesn't that reveal that anybody could
have done the same thing if they'd just
had the want to?
But they didn't.
God made a decision.
Thirty four hundred and fifty years ago.
After he tried to speak directly to the
children of Israel.
And they.
Spit in his face.
They hated him.
They said, go away.
Shut up.
We never want to see you or hear
from you again.
This is after he saved them from certain
annihilation from apartheid and genocide
while working as slaves in Egypt and
Mitzrayim.
They spit in his face.
They told him they hated him.
Go away and shut up.
We never want to see you or hear
from you again.
And since that time,
Yahowah has decided that he would
communicate only through men of his
choosing, the zakar,
the most memorable of men.
And so you have chosen to remind me
through the most memorable of men to ask
about the duration of life in this world
and it is but the flicker of a
candle.
It's a temporary thing by contrast to
eternity,
especially how time flows differently
relative to the observer.
If you were to go to yadayah.com and
you pull the first volume of the YadaYah
series of nine volumes off the bookcase,
open it up.
Over the first half dozen chapters,
you're going to find a study in time.
You're going to find that
I was able to analyze creation time versus
our perceptions of that time looking back.
And what is between fourteen and fifteen
billion years since the Big Bang,
the term that Yahowah uses,
of creation to now.
From the perspective of someone at
creation like Yahowah telling the story,
is exactly six twenty-four hour days.
Time was stretched to ten to the twelfth
power.
You take fifteen billion years,
divide it by ten to the twelfth power,
you get six twenty-four hour days.
It's a wow.
It's an amazing revelation.
But through it all,
because Jews have denied the Messiah,
the doubt,
They have denied even his name.
They've denied Yahowah of his name,
having erased him and his name from their
lives.
They have forgotten that Dowd was the
Messiah, that he is the returning king,
that he is their savior.
And without that acceptance,
that knowledge, that understanding,
it's all for naught.
There's no reason for humans to have been
created because the best they can expect
is to die.
Literally,
there is no value in being a descendant
of Adam unless you know the things that
are presented for the first time.
Since they were scribed.
Twenty five hundred to thirty five hundred
years ago.
And presented for the first time in Yadda
Yadda.
Without that knowledge,
creation is for naught.
Humankind is for naught.
It was all for nothing.
There is no Shabuwah harvest.
There is no Teruah gleaning.
There is no sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah.
There is no return of the mortal remnant
of Yisrael and their purging of religious
guilt.
There is no return of father and son
on Kipurym and we do not reenter.
Gan Eden And Sukah.
That's why God is so angry when those
who should know better lash out and try
to disparage any of this.
This is man's last and best hope.
Revealed in the exact center of mankind's
journey out of the garden and back to
Eden.
Revealing this in year three thousand,
yeah, nine sixty eight BCE.
Yeah,
what through the lyrics of Doge's song.
Made it the ultimate marker in time.
A cornerstone, if you will.
One thousand years to the day on Passover
in year four thousand, Yah,
God's beloved son served as the Zarowa,
the sacrificial lamb,
and he fulfilled Pesach, then Matzah,
taking our religious guilt and deposited
it in Sheowl.
And then Bekorah, where the Bekorah,
firstborn son of Yah,
enabled us to become God's firstborn
children, to redeem the covenant family.
to enable the covenant's blessings and
benefits.
Forty years, Job held thereafter.
He would return and will return to
reconcile the remnant of Yisrael by
anointing the mercy seat of the Ark of
the Covenant on Yom Kippur.
The thought of the Messiah suffering in
this manner,
crucified as he describes his own
suffering on Pesach,
and then entering hell on Matzah,
It's hard to fathom from our perspective,
but not from his father's or from his
own.
What are two hellish days compared to an
eternity with one's father and family,
with thousands of covenant members now at
home as a result of his sacrifice?
The anguishing memory would fade while the
covenant he enabled would endure and grow
and glow forever.
The three epics of Forty Yowbel,
each lasting two thousand years.
Yowbel is a year, seven times seven,
forty-nine plus one,
where all debts are forgiven.
All captives, slaves,
indentured workers are freed.
And the land is returned.
The wonderful picture of what God is
doing.
Forty Yowbel.
Each lasting two thousand years may seem
like an interminable period.
However,
for God and for those with him in
the spiritual realm of the heavens of the
seventh dimension,
it equates to the blink of an eye.
Time is relative,
albeit not here on earth for us now.
The period from the expulsion from Eden to
the affirmation of the covenant with
Abraham,
allowing us to reenter would be forty
years, or should be forty Yowbel.
Another two thousand years would pass from
our perspective,
looking back until father and son
delivered the benefits of the covenant by
fulfilling Passover,
un-yeasted bread and firstborn children.
In year four thousand, yeah,
thirty-three CE.
And from the fulfillment of the first
three, Mowedym, in year four thousand,
yeah,
to the return of father and son to
fulfill the final three, Miqraey,
in year six thousand, yeah,
Forty-Yo Bell will pass,
bringing us to twenty-thirty-three.
Just eight years from now.
This is the duration of things,
God's timing as these events play out and
we witness them.
So much of it revolves around Dowd,
the Messiah, the son of God,
the chosen one, the Passover lamb,
our returning king,
that this song was written to commemorate
him and them.
So rest assured.
Yahowah did not conceive humankind for us
to be religious or antagonistic.
Therefore, to save us from ourselves,
Father and Son resolved the issues which
separate us and composed these lyrics to
showcase their resolve.
And now, three thousand years later,
I am sharing and explaining their thoughts
to prepare the people who are willing to
listen for the harvest and for their
return.
As we have discovered,
Yahowah initiates the relationships he
desires for us to form,
leaving our responses subject to our own
free will.
He picks and chooses from among the men
and women who either amuse him or impress
him, or maybe both,
or just pique his interest in some way.
They all share something in common,
however,
in that each has walked away from religion
and politics prior to Yah's introduction.
They are all willing to listen and then
go where his words lead.
Free will, of course, works both ways.
Yahowah enjoys it,
which is why he offered it to us.
So since it is his universe and his
home,
he is entitled to invite whomever he
pleases to spend an eternity with him in
it so long as he is consistent in
his approach.
That isn't to say that it is impossible
to find Yahowah independently.
But as the previous statement suggests,
God is hidden from most people.
because the preponderance of people are
either religious, political,
conspiratorial, patriotic, militant,
or too otherwise distracted to learn the
truth.
But more than any other reason to explain
why so few know him,
it's because men like Paul have plagued
the world with their lies.
So just like Sha'uwl was called out by
name and condemned as the plague of death
in Chabaquwq, Habakkuk,
the son of evil is similarly identified in
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr Psalm.
He authored the New Testament's first
fourteen books,
the most deadly tomes ever inspired.
And then he was the one who influenced
Mark, Luke, the Book of Acts,
and ultimately Matthew.
if that were not bad enough in response
to his demonic appeal akiba and his
accolades would conceive Judaism in
rebuttal what man of great strength and
character empowered to prevail lives and
will not witness death
As a result of the plague.
Saving his soul from the hand and
influence of Sha'uwl.
Pause now and consider what this implies.
Ms.
Moore lyrics to saying Psalm eighty nine
forty eight and after a quick review of
this will conclude this program.
Gibber is from Gabar, it's from Gabor.
It's the attribute most often ascribed to
the Messiah and Son of God, our savior,
Dowd.
Dowd was a great man, a strong man,
a man of character,
one with the capacity and power to
prevail,
a man of conviction
of confidence, of courage.
And this great man lives.
Even though Paul and Peter both said that
he was dead and buried and excluded from
heaven, God is saying he lives,
just as God lives, dote lives.
Dowd is God's beloved son.
If Dowd were not alive,
there would be no purpose for any of
this.
We might as well all do our own
thing because there is no God.
And we are all just part of a
chaotic system.
God proved his identity.
So there is a God.
Did so through prophecy.
And God told us about the ultimate Gabor.
He lives.
He will never witness death.
His body was freely offered on Passover.
His body wore out in his seventieth year
and his first of three lives was taken
through crucifixion and his second of
three lives.
And it will return and be used when
he sees fit in his third of three
lives.
But Dowd doesn't die between them.
He doesn't suffer death as a result of
the plague of death, who is Sha'uwl,
according to Chabaquwq.
His soul, his nefesh, is always saved,
is protected from.
The hand and influence of the
demon-possessed Sha'uwl
Sha'uwl shares the same name with the man
who was also demon-possessed during Dowd's
first life,
the man who sought to kill Dowd.
Shares the same name with the man who
killed Dowd in his letters.
A man who also admitted that he was
demon-possessed.
A man who
Yahowah,
six hundred and sixty years before Paul
would pen his first letter,
that to the Galatians in fifty-two CE,
would call Paul the plague of death.
Sha'uwl is the single most destructive man
in human history up to this point.
Muhammad is the second,
also demon-possessed.
And the third is just now beginning the
rise of the fourth Reich.
Another man who is demon possessed,
Donald Trump.
He is the antichrist.
And if you were to put Akiba and
my mom, it is into that group.
You'd have the five worst men in human
history.
This is the demon-possessed individuals
that sought to rob Dowd of his
achievements, his accolades,
and everyone on earth of the benefit of
what he has accomplished.
And it is our purpose,
the purpose of Yada Yahowah,
the purpose of the Yahowah blog,
to correct that great crime.
I thank you for listening.